[Music]
everything the light touches
is all kingdom
but a king's time is ruler
rises and falls like the Sun one day
the Sun was set on my time here
and will rise with you as the new king
[Music]
remember
right before Christmas a good guy in red
is coming to theaters with his new
sidekick
Fred why am I here you're in a pg-13
version of Deadpool filtered through the
prison of childlike innocence and nobody
does childlike innocence like you Fred
nobody I need you almost as much as you
need me I don't need you at all me to
untie you once we're done
[Music]
I loved your working up I'm sorry don't
get to a test one so Paul no Deadpool
character for Marvel movies we are
Merkel yeah but you're you know Marvel
license by Fox it's like if the Beatles
were produced by Nickelback it's music
but it sucks oh you are nicer as a kid
rated pg-13 limited engagement in
theaters December 12th legend has it one
day a new king welcome
[Music]
who will use the power of the client
to put Atlantis back together monkey
is the exact spot that Volkl give me my
first woman lesson I already know how to
swim
not even close you have to forget all
the teaching of the surface world go
deeper one covering your Atlantean
instincts
he spent his entire life tiny
they need to be the best
my parents made me what I am
I am the protector of the deep
[Music]
in this Trident resides the power of
Atlantis in the wrong hands it would
bring destruction but in the hands of
the true air it would unite above and
below
the time has come for Atlantis to rise
again
we must stop him daddy proposed me mm by
retrieving this early Elmo's not like
this one you don't the war is coming to
the surface whether you like it or not
always knew you were special
you believe
you'd be the one to night out to world
he's always had a king
now I need something more
what could be greater than a king
here
[Music]
once everything was awesome
now everything is okay Lucy I brought
you coffee coffee the bitter liquid that
provides the only semblance of pleasure
left in these dark times oh my gosh Ness
did I interrupt you brooding just now
times have changed
you need to change with them we have to
be tough and battle-ready
Oh
hurry the door is slowly closing
oh the pain its Jane so cold
see that wasn't so bad nothing got in
[Applause]
hang on your fronds planet we're going
[Music]
you mind if I save your life not at all
who are you names danger vest galaxy
defending archaeologist cowboy and
Raptor trainer I don't get it
we'll help me rescue my friends you
don't want to go anywhere near the
sistar system it's ruled by an alien
point only the toughest you're gonna get
out of there alive
i'm mcqueen whatever I would not be I'm
getting super evil vibes here I could
change my form to something else if this
makes you uncomfortable
hey guys they'll go back don't worry was
much more palatable
[Music]
did you draw double dots on your face
who are you I'm your worst nightmare Oh
me when I'm late to school and I forgot
my homework and my pants are made of
pudding no I don't know why is there
lampshade on your head my owner might
have given me a little bit of cat oh
okay um do you hear that
oh you're pouring oh I wonder what other
sounds I could make
are you finished that conversation we
had about grabbing that house up in Napa
how what else I want the family our our
kids to be able to play outside this is
a 67 41 so pretty I'm Charlie Peck Scott
our welcome to Fox club my great-great
grandfather built this house is the only
house I ever lived in I put my soul into
it
Fox love is yours now what's it good
care of her
it's a bathroom I feel bad for Charlie
so good for us you're not gonna believe
this
Charlie is outside cutting the grass
what did you just get this out of the
garage that's why I keep it don't you be
gone by now that's hard too hard say
goodbye
keep hearing this creaking sound mani is
old house you just bought the pack UPS
right yeah job is quite a guy just don't
look too close under the mask was why
I've died in that house mrs. Charlie mr.
Charlie shotgun in her mouth at least
that's how Charlie explained it the man
acts like the house still belongs to me
you okay it's not your house
this guy's dangerous
I see the way that he looks at you now
charlie is after me stay away from my
wife if you've lost everything that was
important and then you had a chance to
get it back will you just go for it
lights off
okay okay we're not dying it everything
I do I do for us
[Music]
you know how flemeth like to say
everybody knows everything it would be
fine if the truth was it nobody does
anything Alan Lebanon Lebanon feels like
we've all being here forever
[Music]
where's this just a little scratch
please don't kill that man know what I
will give you ten million dollars
drought my husband in the ocean for the
sharks is right and wrong heaven in hell
some weird stuff going on right now this
whole islands a part of it but nobody
knows it okay John you want the juice
[Music]
[Applause]
you don't
it's funny huh
where in the world are we
[Music]
hey Dad morning William
morning it'll be like you never happened
what's going on
William something's not right with me
tell me the truth there was a crash
you win the kids tied initiate I brought
you back there is a reason human cloning
is banned any death we stole millions of
dollars worth of iodine equipment I hope
you're ready to go to jail
those three subjects are our property I
didn't defy every natural law there is
just to lose you again
how could you do that because I love you
[Music]
Ross ow
well camera ready boys why please we're
at West scene 12 take one feel about the
size of the audiences I've been a little
disappointed and they said could you
persuade stan and Ollie to do some
publicity in order to turn it all around
it'll be any more money they said no but
who is they people the worst kind here
we are the Eiffel Tower house unis have
Hertz is even pushing a little to armaid
know if it a long time ago so goodbye
already but that's all in the past you
know still carrying that around are you
because I went ahead and did a picture
with someone else 16 years ago
you and Harry are just gonna be great
together you couldn't sleep for days
when they told me what you did and I
couldn't sleep when I did it
you betrayed me betrayed our friendship
I loved us you loved Laurel and Hardy
but you never loved me
[Music]
the doctors told me I can't continue
with the tour my heart won't take it
he asked me since he was sick I wouldn't
mind carrying on the show with somebody
else they introduced you mr. Nobby cook
you're not leaving are you Stan the show
must go on
that was pure magic it's brilliant
[Applause]
[Music]
we like to finish now with a little -
sure I can
I'll miss us when we're gone so we
[Music]
[Applause]
time's it now all this
do we really need that trunk
[Music]
that's my new neighbor what is his name
captain funtastic that's what I've been
calling him such a nice day for a jog
[Music]
what my ass isn't look good in this
skirt given the current climate it feels
inappropriate for me to comment on your
body tight as a snare drum he could
bounce a quarter off that thing screw
him
today's my day I'm making a partner baby
headline news somebody in this room is
about to be some worldwide sports
management snow its partner the sockets
oh [ __ ] your mom ad agency exec oh no
it's my brother said you're gonna [ __ ]
your brothers well they say that I don't
connect with men I've hired a psychic
why did you Facebook I can help you why
don't we have some team
this smells like a Dirks oh that's just
jasmine tea if you don't count the weed
and the peyote okay
[Music]
I feel weird after last night yeah
that's what happens when tequila meets
desperation stop doing are you reading
my mind because if you can hear my inner
thoughts I am super
cuz he messes me up did you [ __ ]
yourself you know it just no no no I
have psychic powers you can hear what
I'm thinking right now not you just me
you know you could use this to your
advantage
right I'm bluffing these false pretzels
are delicious I'm gonna freeze my sperm
have baby ice cubes
[Music]
I shot look at you Preston all the
ladies whatever why would I waste a
second owner when I got you standing
right in front of me why our eyes always
closing I'm an ugly damn my eyes open
but she look crazy as hell
[Music]
who you I hope it's okay I borrowed your
mask
welcome to Wakanda close your mouth
don't breathe don't say now
[Music]